the stars at the starting line number 25
Deena Kastor and two-time defending
champion Mo trophy ready to roll
northport on Long Island the great cow
harbor 10k presented by Capital One
we're so proud to be here as a sponsor
of the gray cow harbor race we've been
here for over 10 years and this year
having more than 50 500 runners it's
just great to be part of this race and a
capital one we recognize that it's very
important to be a part of the community
our support goes to the Special Olympics
so it is a great organization to sponsor
15 waves at all get the record filled
out on the hills of North Port and then
the kids to K start off with a couple
hundred runners and over the years of
increasing and now we're over 5,000 the
largest race on Long Island it's a
challenging course they always have fun
with it there's a lot of hills here test
their endurance and they always have a
good time you know we have festivities
after the race yeah the village
you know near the water mo trophy solos
off the front on record pace leaving the
strong chasing pack to rethink its game
plan the main field heads down towards
the harbour just past the one mile mark
janitor bond ba come running for
marathon guide opens a wide gap on Deena
Kastor second olympic marathon medalist
Deena Kastor runs in second place she
still eyes an olympic berth in the
August 2012 games in london i don't
think there's anything that's career
capping that Miss as soon as one race is
over another dream unfolds in front of
me so this is my first time here to cow
harbor and I just love the thrill of
competition six and a half months after
having my daughter Piper I'm trying to
get back into shape it's been a long
grind but but I'm getting there slowly
but surely and it's just a thrill for me
to be back on the competitive circuit
the cow harbor course takes the field
downtown with harbour views if you take
the time to look
the chasers fly trying to catch the on
fire mode trophy now heading down Main
Street North forth to the finish line
the course record is 2822
Jeff a breaks the course record by five
seconds for an eight thousand dollar
paid a janitor bond volcom wants to join
the party and takes the women's record
down by seven seconds for her eight
thousand dollars Deena Kastor always the
crowd favorite is happy with our
second-place comeback performance
the entire town comes out on cow Harbor
Day to join the celebration of fitness
and the great post race festivities
capital one really is working hard to do
as we say investing for good and that's
investing for bid in the community and
that is supporting the events right in
your backyard right near old old
neighborhood and we're happy to be a
part of enabling folks to do that and
help continue that tradition the great
cow harbor 10k presented by Capital One
one of America's showcase events for the
sport of road racing